LATlN-ENGLISH VOCABULA RY.

admitto, misi, missum, v. 3, com-
mit.

admbdum, adv. to a degree, ex-
ceedingly, quite.

admbnem ui, itum, v. 2, suggest,
remind.

admonitus, fis, m. suggestion,
warning.

ᾰάορῢο, avi, atum, ι’. 1, choose,
adopt.

adbrior, ortus, v. 4, attack.

adsum, fui, esse, v. be present.

adfflescens‚ entis, c. a youth.

adulescentia, ae, f. youth, age
from 15-30.

adnleseentfiluffi i, m. a very
young man.

adulor, atus, v. 1, fawn on.

adulterium, i, η. adultery.

advento, avi, itum, v. 1, advanee.

adventus, fis, m. arrival.

adversarium i, m. opponent.

adversum, or adversus, adr. ancl Ι

prep. opposite, toward, against.
aeges, is, s. temple, (in plural)
αεᾱξέῖέῢοτ, ὅτίς, m. builder, one ,

fond of building.
aedificium, ii, n. a. building.

Ι

 

aedifico, avi, atum, r. 1. build.

aedssi8‚ is, m. an aedile.

aeger, gra, grum, siek. ,

Aegos (flumen), n.; Aegospotami
(goat river).

Aegyptius, a, um, adj. Egyptian.

Aegyptus, i, f. Egypt. ¹

Aemilius, ji, m. Roman gentile f
name.

aemulatio, finis, f. emulation.

aemfflor, itus, r. 1, emulate.

affigens, a, um, adj. of bronze or .

rass.

Aeolis, idis, f. Aeolis, north-west

coast of Asia Minor.

aequalis, e, adj. equal, of the1

same age. λ

aeque, adv. equally. ‚
aequiparo, avi, atum, v. 1, make
equal, become equal to.

·Agamemnon‚ onis, m.

1:39

aequus, a, um, adj. level, ad-
vantageous, equal, fair.

aerarium, ii, n. treasury.

aea, aeris, n. copper, brass, bronze.

aestimo, avi, atum, v. 1, value,
est1mate.

aeta& atis, f. age, life, genera-
tion.

affecto, avi, atum, v. 1, strive
after, aim at.

affero, tuli, latum, irrey. 3, carry
to, bring to.

afficio, feci, fectum, v. 3, affect‚
treat, attaek.

affinis, e, adj. related by mar-
riage, sharing.

affinitas, atis, f. connection by
mari-lage.

affligo, ixi, ictum, zu 3, dash
against, prostrate.

affluens, entis, adj. abundant,
equuus.

affluentia, ae, f. profusion, ex·
travagance.

Africa„ ae, f. the continent of
Africa, the Carthaginian terri-
tory.

Africanus, a„ um, adj. of or in
Africa.

³ AfricanuS, i, m. surname of two

of the Scipios.
Aga·
memnon.

ἶ ager. gri, m. territory, field.

Agesilaus, i, m. Agesilaus.

aggredior, gressus, ι’. 3, approach,
attack, begin.

Agis. idis, m. Agis.

agito, avi, atum, r, 1, put iu mo-
tion, excite, dew'se.

agnosco, novi, nItum. v. 3, re-
cogmze.

ago. egi. actum. r. 3, drive, dis-
turb, act, do.

agricola, ae, m. sarmer.

Agrippa, ae, m. Agrippa (Vip-
sanims), son-in-law and prime
minister of Augustus.

. aio, τ. deject. say ‘ yes’, aesert.

